Complete the upload on flush (#526)
awslabs/mountpoint-s3: mountpoint-s3/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Breaking changes

> * Mountpoint will complete file uploads on close in most cases, and return an error if the upload was not successful. ([#526](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/526))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mountpoint will now complete file uploads at `close` time, and `close` will return an error if the upload was not successful. Before this change, `close` did not wait for the upload to complete, which could cause confusing results for applications that try to read a file they just wrote. ([#526](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/526))
```
